commentText	importantComment
Love your work buddy	0
Thank you so much for this course. It made me learn so much and prepare well for the final exam	0
Sir....first i want to say u that ...great job and easily understand your explaination....But sir i m diploma holder of ece branch so sir please made a spcial video for best digital electronic question  for inter vie...plssssss sir..	0
Can you please make lecture on CAMP algorithm	1
Are there videos on microcontroller ?	1
"i'd like to learn electronics, which one first that i should learn, digital electronics or analog electronics?thank you btw, your channel really really help me. keep it up dude!"	0
hi	0
thank you sir.i passed my exam just becoz of ur lectures thanks a lot............	0
"Sir me and all of my classmates are thankfull to u for such a good lecture series ,because of your lectures only we were able to clear our concepts in de."	0
"please show me how to design a digital chip,that is able to make some decisions and display output using gates"	1
Great job yrr i love your videos u teach awsm	0
solve answer convert the decimal equalent to binary number (123.786)base 10	0
suprbb explanation	0
Your videos are so help full sir. Thanks a lot.	0
Sir make video for gate preparation for CSE branch I'm student of 2nd year pls	1
Plz provide lectures on SAP 1	1
please add videos for state machines and logic families.. thank you...	1
please add videos on microprocessors.	1
a>o should have upward parabola.	0
NESOOO we need computer architecture :(	1
"Thank you so much for such a wonderful Course,  Content and Delivery is amazing!  Just one request, Can you upload videos based on Memories_?"	1
Neso academy is the best of all	0
make video for  logic families	1
"Thank you so much for tutorials that helped me and alot of people..But I want u to upload more for advance digital..Like how to make flip-flop pr any other circuit using mux,encoder decoder ,counters or simple gates...Hope u'll see my comment and work on it.(it'll b ver helpful for people like me)"	1
i love it! how do I download the whole playlist? please help. thanks	0
Thank u so much sir..Now i am feeling very well after watching these lectures....U r great sir..	0
hgchgvfhgf	0
PRO TIP:Watch all vids at 1.5x or 2x speed	0
Nice explain sir	0
"SIR watched yr video on WHAT IS A SIGNAL As always i liked yr above video and understood which one we call a signal and which one not..To tell frankly i did not know/realise that if a current is not changing with respect to time, then it is not called a signal.Yr example of an equation explained there in clearly helps the above concept..  While Analogue signal is clear to me, i will await to understand what a DIGITAL SIGNAL is.Thanking u Vatsa"	0
Letter are not clearly visible so please corrected next upload	0
sir plss make video on adc and dac	1
"Dear Sir, Can you please make lectures on linear integrated circuits & op amps. That subject is very much needed by the ECE students."	1
Nice	0
"Ciircuitrix Junior Event Going On! A IIIT Delhi Exclusive!!! Free Registration: bit.ly/ESYACJ Start time: Between 4:00 PM and 7:00 PM, as per the convenience of the participantTest duration: 90 minutes Test link: http://hck.re/cj19"	0
"Gd evng sir,i followed you since 2016.I wanna tell u one thing: I'm too weak in my core subject specially 'Principle of communication'.I'm still waiting communication videos.Please sir upload it."	1
Sir kya aapke lecture competition k liye sahi hai	0
sir ur videos are very good and up to GATE and IES level. i just want to know that will i need to refer any more  books for DE for IES exam or these videos are sufficient	0
please make the video on opams.. by the way nice video.. thanks	1
Dear Neso academy.. your lectures have benefited me a lot.. Thank you very much.. kindly send the link of your op amp based lectures	1
thnx a lot sir thnxxx now i dont need any acadmy for clear any comptitive eaxm...	0
"Sir , please  make video on microprocessor & microcontroller . Your video is more helpful for us."	1
"sir, great content and root concepts"	0
i passed digital electronics by following your videos .. thanks a lot :)	0
"hey, this is kind of a weird request, but could you please tell me where you got that intro music from? I recognize the tune, but I don't know what it was and it really annoys me that I don't"	0
Is this course covers the complete gate syllabus	0
can you please help in solving The 10's complement of (715)8	1
i downloaded all Digital Electronics video. but now very difficult to find order of videos. please put the number in front of the title.	0
This series is one of the best of its kind. A lot better and easier to understand than that of my prof	0
Infinite amount of respect to you SIR!!	0
Sir your videos are really very helpful for us .It really clears our concept about the matter.But it is an earnest request if you could start uploading videos of Communication Systems as well	1
"Hello Neso Academy, your modules on Digital Electronics helped immensely in my studying for my 'Digital Systems I' class at my university. I not only was able to secure an A+ in the class but I was also able to understand the content thoroughly. Thank you for being there all the way. If you have any videos on Elementary Circuit Analysis (topics like Thevenin and Norton equivalent circuits), please do let me know :)"	1
Sir can you please tell me what are the tools you used for your presentation. Your videos are just awesome also I admire your presentation skill... Respect from me. Thanks	0
sir dld  exercise problem lecture mil sagta hai	0
"sir, thank you so much for your Videos on Digital Electronics.but please i want to talk with you on face book"	0
Sir can you give me your whatsapp number that's I can clear my doubts personally	0
I get so many profit from your video	0
Sir you have a very good representation and good explanation	0
"The last exposure I had to electronics was in the mid 80's and lot has changed since then, so is there a prerequisite to this course."	0
Thank u very much sir aap ne  mujhe pass karwadiya	0
thnku very much sir we all students of csjm university thanking you	0
iit roorkee is watching it	0
"sir,we are unable to access HW pbms plzz set URL."	0
"sir please na ,you upload some videos  on seq.circuit based questions please"	1
Thank you so much neso academy ...... Plz upload microprocessors lecture if possible.....	1
This is really nice. I was just looking around and came upon this video. I like the way you teach it is very easy to understand and follow. I checked out your web page and was again very happy with what I seen. the web site is also easy to find your way around and the fact you are teaching free is such a breath of fresh air. Great Job!!  and I will offer your site to people I know..	0
"Sir, could you please upload lecture on ANALOG COMMUNICATION???"	1
sir i want verilog and vlsi videos	1
Sir i want to heartly thank you for your commenceble effort just because of you i am too happy today to score good pointer in my engineering course	0
And thanks u for signal and system upto Laplace i am able to solve 80 to 90 percent question of previous year and coaching postal  booklet . Thanks for ur support	0
Sir i preparing 4 gate @2019 and i completed signal and system upto laplce I want to start digital electronic for gate so i want 2 know can these lecture are sufficient for gate Plz reply as soon as .Thanku in advanced..	0
Sir! I think DC is also a signal because though it's not changing but it has an information in it. And signal is what have information about any physical quantity. I hope I could explain what I mean. Thank you.	0
Upload lectures on logic families	1
Thank you sir great helpful videos i got 'O'(10) grade in digital in  my semester  exam thank you . make more videos i suggest to make in coding theory and communication Really it will grateful I just love you English and voice . thank you	1
"would u have any lecture of ""operational amplifier""( OP -AMP)"	1
Sir please made videos for logic families	0
Sir can you explain why band pass signal have different nyquist  sampling criteria?	1
Sir kindly please make videos on microprocessor. I am facing problem. Your videos are excellent. I having watch these videos from the 1st year. Kindly please make videos on microprocessor. Please do bring this to your notice.	0
bike race tune in intro ??	0
I have not finished your Analog Electronics course yet (but I will in parallel with this course) but I couldn't resist starting this course now because I am having such a good experience with the other course. Thanks again.	1
please make a video for sequence recognizer circuit	1
Please sir make lectures on analog circuit	1
Sir can u make videoes on  opamp	1
sir is their no availability of microprocessor and interfacing video lectures in NESO  academy..	1
"Sir,it would be so kind of you if you make some videos on analog to digital converter and digital to analog converter."	1
Sir I want videos for communication theory please upload it and reply me quickly	0
Thank you bro for the lectures otherwise the exam would have gone	0
Great job...very helpful...thank you ..very much .team..NESO	1
sir please  give some question and its answer(gate).	1
"sir,all your  teachings helped me to understand the subject in a better way.thank you so much, if you put video on maths which is relateded to engineering  from the very  basic calculus to ,fourier transform  it will be very useful  for us."	0
"God cannot be everywhere, so he created NESO academy."	1
Please provide network videos NAS VIDEOS	1
"great videos sir plz upload video for power amplifier class A,B,C"	1
sir your videos are very super and standard. I request NESO academy to make more videos in core physics for the sake of undergraduate and postgraduate students.	1
sir please to a video on analog to digital converters	1
"Thanks for all your efforts sir,but please upload all gate questions for all topic.your way of teaching is very clear sir."	1
sir please post video related to data structure	0
what is a hazard  form	0
"I think there is a mistake ! While you are explaining a quadratic equation and representing the same in terms of graph, you mentioned that when value of a<0 it  is upward parabola(4:34), which I guess is wrong."	0
Your videos are too good ..thanku sir ..in our collage our teachers move very fast and I am unable to understand many more concepts by ur videos I m able to understand..once again thank u..keep going	0
sir these videos are very helpful. thank you so much.	1
"thank you for the videos plz provide videos for the following topics (Memories and Programmable Logic Devices: Memory organization and operation, write and read operations, Read only memories, PROMs, EPROMs, EEPROMs, RAMs: Static RAM, Dynamic RAM, Design of an 8x4 ROM, PLA, PAL, Generic array logic, CPLD, FPGA )(Multivibrators: Types of multivibrators, AMV, MMV and BMV using transistors, AMV and MMV using OP-AMP, Schmitt Trigger )it would be really very helpfull."	1
will you please upload videos for microprocessor and microcontrollers???	1
"sir, please upload presentations for vlsi design.."	1
OMG... thank you	0
"sir please,upload the vedio to tell thevinins thereon,tellgents thereon,compensation thereom,Norton thereom and etc please sir I expect these answers by one week please sir"	0
"I use these videos to garner greater understanding of the various concepts. Thank You, Sir !"	0
awesome sir	0
please make a video on how to design a basic ALU (arithmatic and logic unit)	1
can i use your videos in my you tube channel.I'm thinking of making hindi version of all this video and upload it in my channel.but i will show video is taken from neso academy.plz sir reply me.	0
Good good	0
"sir,thanks for your videos it helped me very much before exams but i need verilog tutorials also from you sir"	0
Please upload videos on VLSI	1
u said we get  downward parabola because of -a.but u have written  a<0  is upward parabola.can u explain me how it happens?	0
please post op amp related videos as soon as possible	1
speak slowly!	0
sir i have one doubt......HOW EXCESS 3 CODE IS USED FOR BCD subtraction??????	0
I read in my university if a>0 then parabola will be upward	0
Please do provide complete Lecture on VLSI with HDL code writing.	1
sir please upload videos on communication system also based on Gate Syllabus like Digital and Analog Electronics.plz sir	1
amazing explanation...	0
"sir, thank you so much for your videos, they are very useful considering my placements..."	0
"Hiii Guys, Please make a chapter wise playlist of Analog Electronic , Digital electronic, Sensors and transducers and Electrical networks analysis and synthesis. Please make it I am in 2nd year instrumentation engineering and I love to watch your videos. Please make a playlist chapter wise.Thanks & Regards, Pranay Shelar 7208504828"	1
I must be needed applied electronic IV th sem E.C.E	1
Sir pls a Video Set on Electrical Technology	1
"thanks sir, the videos are very helpful for gate exams........"	0
First of I would like to tell smart and flash explanation of classes and nothing doubts in classes ane one more thing is that Iam not getting answer from your site(nesoacademy.org)	0
sir can u make video lectures of control systems subject	1
"sir,please upload lectures on computer organization..it will be really helpful"	1
"Sir, your videos on digital electronics are more than excellent. if you have time, please make videos on computer organization, it will be really helpful"	1
One of the best video series on youtube! Thank you so very much for these!	0
Sir thank you very much for the effective topic coverage videos on analog & digital electronics. Please upload videos on Control System.	1
"one of the finest teachers of digital electronics! sir, I used to hate this subject but after these video lectures now,  I willingly read about this subject despite being a non electronics person ! your lectures created a very fine understanding and induced great interest :) it was great to be your student !"	1
"Sir upload videos upon logic families and ram rom,mc, mp etc it will be very helpful for us"	1
"Thanks a ton Sir, these videos on digital really helped a lot, the lectures are so simple and easy to understand. So I want more videos on PLA, PAL, A/D & D/A Convertors, DAC, PROM, C-MOS and more."	0
your way of teaching is amazing I wish I could have a lecturer  in machine subjects like you .	0
very good lectures u explains everything in a great way sir	1
wonderful lectures...I need asynchronous sequential circuit design	1
Could you please make some videos o Computer Architecture?	0
thanku so much sir i watched all video of your digital electronics  its fabulous and fully explained thanku so much it helped me alot in examination......	0
"Awesome lectures,very helpful in my exam,love you sir,we need more videos sir"	1
Sir could you upload lectures on applied electronics	0
thank you sir for your video lecture on digital electronics. Sir please upload video lecture on digital logic families.	0
Sir..I have studied the lesson..It is very useful to me..can understand well..Thankyou very much....	0
Thanks for making neso academy it helps me a lot.Please keep the good work in other subjects also....	0
Just awesome!!!	1
"sir, please upload video lecture on micro-controller subject"	0
excellent  explanation thank you very much sir	0
I am taking digital electronics course from neso academy channel...i just want to know do you reply neso academy if i have a problem with a video or a part of it and comment here??????	1
sir please upload the all the topic of electrical engineering	1
please upload microprocessor videos as soon as possible	0
can you please tell me what do we call this tool that you've used.? it'll be a great help. thanks.	1
Sir Please Upload Diode And Transistor Compensations	0
"sir,i am from vit vellore.i want to thank you from the bottom of my heart because ur video just saved me and helped me to get A grade in dld"	0
sir your lectures are good. But can you explain CMOS inverter.CMOS NAND. CMOS NOR. concept.	0
"thank you neso. i now understood digital electronics, i am using it to prepare for my exams"	0
"I am in one of the most reputed colleges in India, and  60% students of my class bunk classes (included me) due to your this channel, hats off man..."	1
"Hi, your videos are very informative please do lecture on AD , DA converters."	1
sir also upload control systam	1
sir we need theory classes of  operational amplifiers and linear ICs.... and also on ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD THEORY plz sir plzz	1
Sir..Is there MI lectures available.like this. (microprocessor & Interfacing)..interested in getting all lectures.. paid version or of that type..	1
please upload videos on data structure	0
Hey sir I am Ali. I am student of centennial college in scarboroug Toronto Canada. May I have your phone number  or email id. I want to talk to you about some lecture and private help if you are available. I like your method for explanation. please reply me back at shanawarali786@hotmail.com or 0114168988801. please thank you have good night	1
Sir it is humble request that upload videos about Networking basics or CCNA Theory and practical work	0
very good sir /i like your lecture with the core of my heart......	1
please upload the video on logic families pls	1
Will you be doing a course on Computer Architecture and Organization ?? please?!	1
"If possible upload  videos on ELECTROMAGNETIC THEORY , Divide that whole syllabus into some small portions....Thanks for these lectures"	1
do you have a video of logic families ?	1
bro do you have any courses about integrated circut	0
"Neso academy,thank so much for   your amazing efforts that you put in these lecture.i watched all your videos and now i manage to get a good mark in my exam.God bless you sir :)"	0
"6:30 what he said after ""is a direct...""? I don't got it"	0
very good	1
"Sir, when r u going to release the electrical subjectes. We are waiting"	0
Sir can't describe the happiness!This New year is going to be digital for me.Happy New Year Sir.	0
I think there are lot of helpful lectures......i really thankful to NESO academy which help me in my exam to clear concept in digi electronics....and this academy provide best lectures...so everyone go for it...i give it 5/5	0
aapke videos se padh k exam diya aur pass bhi na ho paya…	0
Sir your lectures are very much useful	1
Sir plz upload electrical machines and power system lectures	0
just a white guy checkin shit out. WHATS UP INDIA	1
plz provide a video on programmable logic devices plz...	1
Please upload lectures on ADC and DAC also.	0
plz include hindi also in your videos for better understanding...	0
"Sir..,I am extremly Thankyou for you and video devolopment team for bringing these videos in frond of us.., because of this , i have scored nice marks in the xams.. GOD may bless you....Thankyou......"	1
"Neso Academy, sir i request you to please upload videos on more engineering subjects like- Electrical Technology, Engineering Mechanics, Engineering Physic, if possible. It would be great help for us, that you can't even imagineðŸ˜‚. Please, it's an earnest request from a subscriber."	0
thank for this video developments.	0
great videos and nicely cover each topic .....thank you sir..your digital videos help me a lot in my third  semester(III)  .	0
check out this video	0
thanks a lot sir	0
Thank u sir ur lectures are really helpful and informative	0
thank you very.your lectures on this topic helped me a lot.	1
digital logic families rtl add all pplzz siir	0
dear Neso tq  very much	1
dear Neso thxs very much.but i need a tutorial about analog and digital quantities.	0
very helpful thank u	1
"sir plz provide videos on computer architecture like logic micro operations, shift micro operations, buses, etc. its a request."	0
borhiya ....moja	1
sir could u plzz creat a text file of the play list.. i have downloaded all videos but the yr not in order. and on the slides the lecture no. not mentioned. thats the only drawback. rest hats off to u...... there is no lecture on digital circuit on internet that can match the clarity n explain as u do. thank u so much	1
sir your lecture are very good for preparation for government jobs. sir please upload lecture on semiconductor memories	0
Sir this is our good luck that we got your awesome videos on dce!I loved your teaching techniques. me and all my frends of nitk karntaka watch this videos and found ourself quite strong in dce.....thanking you so much........	0
what is the text book that you used? I took your course of analog electronic that you have in your chanel and I knew what book it was.	0
Thank you very much for these awesome videos.	0
Super	0
Today I started the course of Digital  Electronics & I hope that  I will complete this full course in 40 days.ThankYou.	1
Thnk u sir for posting such a good.lecture series. Plz.make vedio lectures on logic families also.	0
"sir, thank you so much for your Videos on Digital Electronics. Just because of these 209 videos, me and my entire class was able to secure good marks in our exam. On behalf of my entire class, MAE, 4th sem, GB Pant Engineering College, I thank you for your help!"	0
good	0
sir thanks for digital electronics lecuter . can you upload some lecuters of electronics circut plz	1
please upload communication system leactures... I dont have any idea what my teacher is teaching me... !	1
"Your videos are awesome and to the point. No other things out of the box, easy to understand. Your videos are far better than nptel . Because of short videos i am able to look at it. But because of videos of 1 hour long it's not possible to look at it, so it's great that you create video with such short time and completing the topic also. I have a request that please provide lecture on EM Theory, not because of Syllabus but it has great importance in life also . A great topic for ECE Students . Please provide lecture on it. thanks"	1
"sir  plz upload lectures on microprocessor and microcontroller,.,."	1
great effort .Now i can sleep in class and will watch your videos two days before my exams.	0
"if u dont mind sir can i have ur lectures on  Basic design for AND, OR, NOT, NAND, NOR using RTL, DTL, TTL, MOS Technology, Tristate logic."	1
i was taking your quiz aside by side but after 12th quiz no quiz wasnt open. please tell me the solution how can i open your quiz after 12th....reply me ASAP.....	0
Thank you so much	0
"If you could add lecture numbers to each of the video's name, it'd be really appreciated"	0
hi. I am watching this first time shall i know which software you use to make this presentation?	0
You should improve subtitles - it would be very helpful for better understanding what you say.	0
sir could you plz upload lectures on microprocessor and microcontroller	1
which software do you use ?	0
awesome......lecture...	0
Neso academy please upload the lectures based on microprocessor and microcontrollers...i always love to study  from your videos...	1
Let me tell You that You are Doing A Great Help for the students Community . Thanks A Lot !	0
"Sir, I had seen all your videos and it helped me to score A grade in my college exam. So thankyou very much. You have been doing a great work and please keep going. I hence request you to upload videos on computer organization and architecture as it has 20 % course of digital system only. Hoping for your positive reply and yes THANK YOU VERY MUCH for these awesome videos"	1
Thanks for making this kind of lectures availible online! You are great at explaining and I really enjoy watching your lecturevideos. Best regards from a snowy Sweden! /Stefan	0
I have download your all video but i was amazed that your video is not in sequence there are too many videos so i wont find sequence in my downloaded video so please give me idea	0
helped me alot neso	0
i don't know what is code coversion	0
helo sir am new and i want to know what is code conversion plz help me. i	1
"Sir i love your videos ,, plz upload some videos related to Asynchronous Sequential circuit"	1
thanks from turkey your videos're so helpful	0
I M LOVING THESE LECTURES  thanq so much neso academy	0
Who's    watching     this     in     DECEMBER?	0
Thanks	0
Hi your videos is so good. I have  questions 1.Design a circuit for computing LCM of 2 bit integer? 2.Design a combinational  circuit to find HCF of 2 bit integer? please upload videos for these question.	1
thanks for ur videos....	0
please keep videos for signals and systems	1
sir pease tell me which software you use for drawing beacause I want to teach my elder brother online on skype	0
"greetings sir! i have gone to your lectures its helpful more than enough...but i have got a problem in ff that is , design 3 bit even number generator circuit using T ff. i m waiting for ur answer... thanks allot."	0
"sir .........all lectures are awsome......speed is just fine ..........all things n concepts are cleared....i m just ""loving it"" to learn"	0
Thank you NESO ACADEMY!!! The lectures were great and were very easy to understand tough topics.	0
sorry can any one tell me where i can find an explanation to transmission  gates(making NAND from inverter(s) and keys for example)???	1
sir please upload asynchronous design video	1
"hi Sir, i had downloaded all your videos...but i was scared because they are not in order. what to do????... how can i watch your videos one by one from starting lesson to the end lesson. kindly make them as l-1, l-2, l-3....l-(n-1)....make it fast at your earliest convenience......i am eagerly waiting....after that send me a link...."	0
is this course logic design ? i just wanna know :)	0
"could u please...give lecture names like l-1, l-2, .....l-(n-1)....you did only 39 lessons do the same for remaining videos also...so i can download all in a single shot.. then after send me the link..."	0
"Neso Academy, your videos have helped me and my friends a lot. It prepared us well for our semester exams. Thank you"	0
+Neso Academy Today I had my Digital Electronics End Semester Exam and all thanks to you it went with a bang! I scored a mere 4.5/25 in my mid semesters and my Digital Electronics professor had told me that I would have to score a lot in my End Semesters 	0
best channel to learn..thank you sir.	0
sir please  upload the videos of RAM and ROM.... i am very much found of your lectures ...	1
sir firstly a lot of thanx for uploading videos for digital electronics .there is some problems during proving memory state in NAND SR latch so please help me ......	0
sir plz upload the videos of RAM and ROM	1
very good lectures...thank you sir..	0
It's a nice series of digital elecronics from basics to all....	0
one more thing i request u to post -design of a binary counter	1
please upload the videos of logic family....i like your lectures a lot..just i need to say- you are genius	1
"thank you so much, very helpful series. and the others too, good good."	0
Sir please upload some videos for transistor because I desperately need them . I am very impressed with your videos .	1
"sir help me in finding micro lectures of control systems engineering ece , & plse post  the related link above sir."	1
Sir please upload videos of RAM and ROM	1
sir please upload the videos of logic family . i'm very much fond of ur videos so please upload the logic families videos	1
sir please tell me binary addtion of 15 and 4 is not equal to 19 why?	0
"plz upload the tutorial for siso,universal and bidirectional shift registers."	1
where is the lecture for PISO AND universal shift register	1
where is the lecture 4 PISO register	1
plz upload some videos on op-amp also	1
if DC is not signal i.e it is not changing value with respect to time then what about the AC?	0
How To Convert Word File Into Ascii	0
"You say ""Excel file"" but  this saves only the current worksheet!!! If there were more worksheets they will be not saved!"	0
Thank you very much! Now I can fulfil the task given!	0
"Sir, my query is ... i am having ""telugu data"" in excel sheet, I want to convert into CSV file, when i tried it is not showing telugu data, it is showing ????????  pl help me out sir"	1
"Sir, can you plz tell that how we can write some paragraph and merge it to excel data and save file in xml format by using vba?"	1
how to convert excel file to numbers delimited format	1
"It really helped me, thanks"	0
where is macro?????	1
thank for help	0
Try copy & paste!	0
Is it possible to create separate notepad files from the different cells in a single worksheet?	1
"oh thank you , i just used convert xls program yesterday , it's awesome"	0
I found a program to do it a while back. It does a certain amount at a time unless you pay for it. Completely forgot the name now. But I never found a macro to do it.	0
did you got the answer !	0
"I hope they will soon put topics like MVP Pattern, Reactive Programming (RxJava), Dependency Injection etc. If you don't know those topics well, it's impossible to find a job..."	1
Nice intro! Hoping to learn a lot with this course.	0
The fee for this course is quite high for students like me.......	0
MR. BEAN!	0
Sir I took a project to create a website for school i done it by using html and CSS now how to publish it	0
Was this course taken down? https://www.udacity.com/course/ud747 Error 404	0
it so cringe	0
you gay bitch	0
I just hope that their code is better than their dialogue. 	0
They are pretty good at explaining	0
Succesfully updated  my first photo editor..changed the UI and added a lot of new features. Please check out once.Reviews are highly appreciated.Thank you..Here is the link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ultravisionstudio.him.picfuse&hl=en	0
"I got no experience in android development and programing so i decided to start by this very basic course? https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud837/lessons/4038208680/concepts/42913549310923# At the begining of the course it sounds like magic i could understand everything because the teacher follower trough step by step leaving no explanation behind, so she started asking to do the next task before explain as a chalenge, it was ok because i could aways step forward if locked see and study the answer, but now she is trying to make me do things that she didnt explain expecting that i already know and when i step forward theres is other new task and not the explanation anymore. i spent 2 days stuck on this one task searching everywhere on internet like a retarded just to learn how to associate 2 buttons on java and no one code i tried worked. this course is shit. if i have to look by myself for answers on internet i dont need a course i can self thought me watching youtube videos. would be the same."	0
dont have a computer which can run android studio	0
Successfully created my first android game. Please check it out: https://twitter.com/mastermindsuzan/status/823247471547588609. I have posted source code as well.	0
#Brazil  I love Udacity	0
Excellent	0
I love the smite of the girl even though shes not too good looking!	0
God that fake accent	0
It's a great chance for people to make their first move into the developer world but I have to say that the last second of this video is super cringeworthy. xD	0
Thanks you very much.	0
I am a man of peace but boy do I want to punch these two tools	0
I love it!!! I love Udacity!!!	0
Thanks Google!!Love the course.. :D	0
I am almost about to buy this course. I am concerned about the moola for the advanced course.	0
"The is the best instruction I've received regarding Arduino coding. Thank you, very much Paul. :-)"	0
I was impressed by your teaching	0
some videos exceed more than one hour so please try to make shorter videos.	0
Best video of all to help us to learn. Thank you. John	0
"Finally a great instructor that described the curly brackets!!!  Great work!,"	0
THX	0
"Very good video, thank you for sharing your time and knowledge."	0
hay in the 8th grade how did he know are you fallowing me a 	0
Thanks a ton sir!! Loads of Love from India !	0
"these videos are dubbed in English, aren't they?"	0
Thanks	0
Thanks sir  Amazing videos.	0
Get my Adruino tomorrow and this tutorial makes me want to start today. Thanks!!	0
well this series looks awesome	0
"Really kind of you to upload this video, really simple and to the point."	0
the best place to start from is 4:30	0
Great lesson! I will respectively follow your lesson & your videos Thank u for your sharing! Thank you from the bottom of my heart	0
Thank you for the good explanations!	0
I extremely understood how aurduino works now . start my new project on it inshallh . Thank vry much for the guide .	0
"You in fact make learning Arduino easy, interesting and fun. I desire to learn programming but deem task a rocket science until today. I hope to at least know the basics by your tutorial. Many thanks"	0
"Make all playlist of GATE for cse btanch atleast programming and data structure, Alogrithm, operating system "	1
Sir make videos for preparation of GATE in TOC subject and solve question from gate paper(question bank)	1
Best Tutorials for Formal language and Automata theory. These videos come in handy before the final exam. Thanks to the channel.	0
Sir make videos on computer organisation for cse branch	1
Thanks so much.. Sir	0
Concept clear sir	0
Any one from calicut University 	0
Anyone from Mes Kuttipuram	0
Anyone from KTU?	0
Extremely Helpful!!!Very Well Explained....Thank You Guys For making TOC easy for me....	0
I spent forever trying to find some good videos about automata and now I've found them!	0
"Your tutorials are perfect! But why didnt you include Kleene's Theorem. Like FA1+FA2, FA1*FA2, FA1âˆ©FA2."	1
Does it cover entire GATE syllabus of TOC ??	0
Formal language and automata theory & Theory of computation &automata theory are same are it has any difference??	0
I want DFA for number of a's greater than number of b's	0
thanks a lot	0
marry me	0
will these 114 videos help me in my boards ?? ans- hell ya ..... !!!!	0
sir this is my  request plz make a video on java also	1
"This video is really a stress-reliever. I always believed that I'm that stupid in this kind of thing, but finally I can grasp the basic concept. Thanks!"	0
i got chinese clone ;(	0
"Thank you, that was fun.  I have been sitting on my Arduino kit for months now and I'm finally having fun with it."	0
can i know how many language i have to learn to understand this kind of programming ??	0
I was thinking about finding a night class to learn basic Arduino programing.  I don't need that thanks to your videos!  Most everything I need to do was covered in this lesson!  Thank you so much!	0
"Many thanks Paul, your series has really has helped me (re)understand code, clear, informative and fun. The dislikers are probably 4th grade philosophers! :)"	0
I have tried to find a good Ardunio course that works and now l have many thanks Paul Mc Whorter	0
"Damn, I had to stop right at the beginning. You didn't show exactly where to plug the board into the computer. Obviously I'm Old school. But I can't continue until I see how to plug the cable into the board, then into the computer. Where in the computer? behind the router? Behind the tower? I stuck in first gear !!! Can any one help me ?"	0
"I'm terribly weak on the C language which this appears to be: but when you declared ""LEDPin"" as it is outside the setup function which is run once when the compiled program is run; haven't you declared a constant, and not a variable as you keep referring to ""LEDPin""? Constants are set at compile time and are immutable symbols. I'm assuming that if you made the statement ""LEDPin=13;"" inside either the setup or loop function, the IDE would give you an error?Just a possible niggle on a fantastic looking program you have created!"	0
why u no know bluetooth	1
where is that 5 v signal coming from??? I mean is there any need of source	0
everything's perfect except you aren't a boy	0
thanks for awesome courses. i bought arduino uno  LY- F2 and couldn't connect with computer.	0
Fantastic instruction. Every other Arduino teaching vid has been rushed and difficult to follow.	0
Love ya sir!	0
"Doesn't count as first program. For first program you'd have to make it blink ""Hello, World!"" in Morse Code."	0
Very nice sir we need more videos regarding our projects	0
Seems It is best place to learn ... As I am new user .. Nice Sir.!	0
Really a good start for me sir............Thank you for this lecture	0
IMPORTANT: for everyone who wants to learn about Arduino and you don't have a microcontroller yet:use this site: Tinkercad.com thanks me later :D	0
which book is best for university and gate exam  please tell me	0
Please explain the output of input 'aaaaabbbbbb' for lacture 29	0
Sir all vedio very good in explanation And I request you please upload the artificial intelligence vedios for computer science students	1
sai shimonson's lectures are abridged to simple videos. I was looking for this. Great work.	0
Coz of u  I pass my  TOC exam thnk u so much plzz make video in compiler designer	0
Galgotia waalo like kardena..‚	0
"I learned the best from this chennel ....carry on,sir......"	0
does compiler first converts in binary and then check for errors? or first check for errors and then convert into binary??	0
Great work! Very clear and concise explanations with easy to understand examples.	0
Thanks to this playlist I was able to clear my Automata Theory paper..	0
please create videos on COMPUTER GRAPHICS subject	1
Thanku sir	0
is this series complete?	0
"Your channel had a huge part in helping me with Digital Electronics last year, So glad to find, that you've also covered TOC even before I had a chance to attend my first Lecture in college!"	0
Your explanations are very easy to understand! I cleared my exam thanks to you guys :)	0
i just love and respect for this academy	0
"Thank you so much for your videos on ""Theory of computation"""	0
Thanks for everything ......	0
it is not whole complete automata..some very important topic are missing for machine part	1
Thanks a lot for your best tutorials. Fan from Afghanistan.	0
"Sir the lectures are totally awesome,but can you upload the lectures on Compiler?"	1
"please make video on wang machine, post machine and recursive function theory. only 5 day to go for exams and don't know anything about these."	1
thanks sir....this gives me lots of help....	0
please add sytem programming lectures..	1
"Sir, is your course enough for university exams ???"	0
Thnx a lot Neso for getting my paper cleared your videos were quite helpful. Keep growing bro.	0
"Sir,You made  a boring subject to interesting one...... Good work...."	0
"Thank you sir. Your lectures are very useful. Sir, it will be really helpful if you can do a lecture on ""Compter Graphics""."	1
"Sir,what are the types of mathematical models in TOC?"	0
Thank u so mch sr....	0
Anyone from Amity‚	0
Sir Please make a series on microprocessors and embedded systems.	1
"sir please upload the video of merger table , merger graph,testing table and testing graph"	1
Very understandable thank you sir...	0
"Hey sir. Please can you make a video on ""Prove that for every NFA there exists a equivalent DFA""."	1
Thanks from IIIT_Kalyani :)	0
"Please complete GATE Syllabus sir And Make Videos on Discrete Maths, DBMS, Operating system, Computer organization"	1
"I would like to say thank you very much. It's very helpful, Thank you very much again and again!!!"	0
Is this channel covers the whole Automata theory according to the mumbai university?	0
sir please upload computer organisation vupideos	1
i heard the whole lecture of  greibach  for 1 hr in our class but i understood it within less than 30 minutes hatsoff	0
These videos are really amazing they are very clear	0
Can u please provide lectures on microprocessor	1
very bad examples for a beginner	0
"a depandable resource,thank you"	0
The World still has good people in it....All thanks to you...Arigatou Gosaimus	0
I had watched Digital Logic Design series and it helped a lot. Which book should I follow with this tutorial?	0
World still has better people. Thank you so much Sir.	0
i do appreciate ..	0
Can someone explain why it's not possible to develop a machine that doesn't allow an infinite loop ?	0
Thanks for the lectures. Very helpful.	0
THANK YOU SO MUCH. I CLEARED TOC JUST BECAUSE OF YOU. AFTER NTH ATTEMPT. LOVE! 	0
thank u sir this is very useful............................	0
"Your lectures was excellent.... But lack of subjects u pls include All ece subjects like, ET, etc... It's my request sir...."	1
Thnq for the lectures which you have explained above... Each and every one is easy to understand jst cz of u as u made it easy. Plz upload a video for complexiti of time and space.	1
Thanks sir its really help me to understand this topic..thank ...can you please make analog and digital communication tutorial..it help me.	0
"thanks alot neso academy, i saw all your toc lectures, covered my whole syllabus and learned all concepts ,today was my final exam and it went very well thanks again"	0
Thank you Neal Academy for making this wonderful series. Really it wouldn't have been possible to pass the TOC exam without you. This quality of education is not even imparted in paid courses sometimes. Great job!!	0
you are the best..your videos are vary helpful....	0
Please Give Some More Lectures On Automata Theory...	1
"Sir Can U Please Give Some Lectures On ""Decidability"" The Topic After Turing Machine It Will Be So Helpful..."	1
why cant we design something which doesnt allow our code to go into infinite loops? I am still not clear	0
Why can't we design a machine that can't reject infinite loops?	0
Very nice video..and the background music at the end..which song is it?	0
"Hey, I would like to ask, whether you can share information about a book with the same material that you cover in your video?"	0
The best channel on Engineering courses in Youtube ....	0
Excellent way of teaching.. It was really helpful. Look for fresher jobs here - postngrow.com	0
"The strings that will be accepted by language L = {0^3^n+1 : n â‰¥ 0}, if n = (0,1,2) how to solve above problem."	0
Very Informative Thank YOu Sir Thanks Neso Academy	0
Watched the whole series in 1.5 speed before exam. You explained everything clearly. Thanks bruh.	0
thank sir	0
Why we can't design a system in java that never goes into infinite loops? I don't understand your answer would u please explain it more thnx :)	0
Thank you so much for the useful tutorial :)	0
"at 6:50, please tell me why it is not possible to find out whether code is running an infinite loop?"	0
Much Thanks.	0
plz make video on FIFO AND its depth calculation	1
sir is there any error in lecture 44 please tell me sir Now i am confuse	0
you guys just are awesome	0
plz upload videos for compiler design	1
Thank you Very much sir	0
"A huge thanks to this Academy.  I will certainly thank you well in coming months. But till then, I am waiting for Turning Machines and Pushdown Automata"	1
Thankyou Sir:)	0
Plz upload videos related to Computer Architecture .	1
"Sir, please make a video on two way finite automata"	1
Sir can you please explain that how does it possible to to design a machine that accepts all valid java code and never goes into infinite loop? I mean if code is valid then it will never go to infinity and vice versa. Please explain. Thanks.	0
It would be extremely helpful if you could explain Microprocessor concepts making it easier to understand.  Thanks for the efforts.	1
"""We re-arranged the degree plan"" my school says...""Take Principles of Programming Languages before you take Theory of Computation"" my school says....""I think I should take them in the original order"" I said...""No, we changed the order"" my school says...""But the syllabus really makes it seems like the old order was better"" I said...""Trust us"" my school says...So... here I am... taking Principles of Programming Languages before taking Theory of Computation... where every single lesson says ""Think back to all that you learned in Theory of Computation. That should make this course very easy. If you don't understand something in this Principles of Programming Languages course, just review your notes from Theory of Computation ."".....................................................AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YOU SONS OF BBBBBBBBBBBBBBB WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY ARE YOU TRYING TO RUIN MY EDUCATION!!!!!!!!!!! Bottom line... Thank you so much for this tutorial series. You have given me an opportunity to not fail at life like my school is doing. Absolutely beautifully presented material. Thank you so so so much."	0
i m very thnkful to you. i m learning each topic of toc only  from your videos.	0
sir do u have tutorial on Turing machine if yes provide me link please	1
you gyyz are doing awesome ! i m very very thankful to u! plz make some more  videos on other subjects also. we are eagerly waiting for some new stuff!	0
have u edited your voice	0
plz upload the lecture of PDA and turing Machine	1
"please upload more videos , you have not covered pda ,turing machine  and lot more things"	1
sir can you please upload next vedios in automata theory	1
"55:08 entire!? does it mean that the length of the string must* be finite!? What about a system that can accept any string which starts with let's say a!? Then only scanning of the first alphabet of the string is sufficient to reach the final state, isn'"	0
sir post more video related to GNF in automata	1
"please make the more video lecture sir in automta,because we are  having exam and we jst pass in exam due to u..and in previous sem i passed LDEC through your lecture only and got 49 marks out of 60.awesome u are...a grand salute 2 u."	1
sir u are such an awesome teacher!! your way of teaching is mesmerizing! thanks a lot sir and respect too!! plz teach other subjects of computer science	0
plz upload videos on data structure	1
is this enough for finite automaton?	0
please upload the lectures of PDA and further topics like TURING MACHINE and all.	1
NESO is best...Sir when r u going to upload vid on PDA and CFG to PDA conversion and TURING machine	1
"in- finite... Don't say it like that Say in - fi - nit. at the end don't say night, say nit or knit. it helps with comprehension and differentiate infinite to finite."	0
Just one suggestion fast forward the writing time...	0
Happiness is Searching course on Automata Theory and then got course from Neso Academy. Thank you sir.	0
upload context free grammer and more on so!!	1
"hi, I have a question ? could you solve this questions for me ? Prove whether the following sets are countable or uncountable. a. The set of configurations of a finite automaton on all strings over all possible finite alphabets b. The set of configurations of all finite automata on all strings over all possible finite alphabets"	0
"Respected Sir, I follow all of your lectures. At 4:38 you say that ""The compiler compiles the program and runs it"" But compiler translates the program from high level language to low level language.It is the Operating System that executes(runs) the binary file(a.out in C). http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2377273/how-does-an-interpreter-compiler-work Correct me if I am wrong.Thank you."	0
sir please upload video on 'c' programming	1
sir can you please upload the video for CONTEXT FREE GRAMMAR (CFG) AND PUMPING LEMMA EXPRESSION	1
which subjects are available here? i could not find the tutorials of computer organisation and architecture.	1
are the videos sufficient for GATE?	0
sir i like ur lectures a lot.....i am presently persuing btech and ur academy helps me a lot to scpre good marks......i request u to upload some mpre lectures related to btech computer sciemce  stream that will enbance my knowledge amd help me in future.....thanking you.	1
sir plz upload lectures on c programming	1
sir please upload videos for microprocessor 8085 your all videos releted to dld and toc are awesome	1
"sir, i am fond of your lectures and i follow those lectures sincerely.... and they are really very useful...sir can you kindly teach us other chapters like pushdown automata ,turing machines and linear bounded automata...i mean the other chapters too..."	1
Neso Sir...........ki JAI hooo.......	0
why cannot third example is possible...how can we say particular task can be and cannot be?	0
Thanks for making subject easy.	0
sir plz answer	0
Please upload more videos of TOC...	1
are u teaching any other subjects for cse  2nd yr	0
"heartily thanks,sir if I have any doubt how can I communicate you sir"	0
Already uploaded this video	0
thanks sir!	0
Re-upload?	0
Thank you i followed you're DLD lectures they were awesome..so could you please inform me how many days TOC is going to complete..thanks.	0
"thanks sir, will you upload vedio on TOC daily"	1
"DC is a signal but it does not satisfy the purpose of a signal. A signal should contain some information and an information is something we don't know already but in case of DC, we know already that it won't change at any instant of time."	0
Thank u so much..it's a great work. I would like to watch ur videos in this semester too..these r very helpful for us.	0
False False True False True	0
I cannot find Fourier Series and Transform DT analysis?	0
sir may u upload video lecture on control system?	1
1) False 2) False 3) True 4) False 5) True	0
when the next lectures of the remaining topics will be available?	1
Your are doing an amazing job sir your videos on many topics are helping many students including me I'm very thankful and please do more videos on circuit theory or network analysis thank u sir	1
Sir I need all notes of your lecture. Where I got it?	0
I am very thankful to neso acedamy to provide this type of best tutorial. Thanks again for your great effort.	0
False False True True True	0
"Sir great lecture, Just by listening once we do not have to revise it again. But, It is showing there are 313 lectures int the play list, then why does it have only 200 lecture ?"	0
"sir please complete the z transform as soon as possible, you are just awesome,"	0
please do signal processing course as well	1
You tube can take 200 videos in group. videos from 201 to 313 is missing .	0
good concepts.....keep it up	0
Pls check 1. False 2. False 3. True 4. False 5. True	0
Nice Video	0
1- False 2- false i m in doubt about 3 and 4....plz give right ansr with right explaination.	0
1.false 2.false 3.true 4.false 5.true	0
"Sir we need filters topic , .... please give videos"	1
Excellent explanation - thank you	0
sir please upload all lectures upto random signal and system	1
Your videos are very helpful n good. Please make a playlist on microprocessor; analog system design;control system;digital communications;electrical machines	1
How can I answer post has answers true or false	0
which book is best for signal and system ??	0
"thank you sir,the lecture is short and useful ..and the lecture is more helpful for gate...."	0
can anybody tell me abt the status of signals & systems ? is it completed already or some topics r left ?	0
"In synthesis problem, pls explain me what is the need of finding system in application wise?"	0
Plz tell about causal and noncausal signal	1
"Sir, please solve some problems related to Discrete Time signals."	1
false false truefalse true	0
Thanks Sir it's really helpful	0
sir please upload the video how to use matlab please i am doing electrical engineering from pakistan so  i want your help thanks	1
"HELLO,when we are preparing for gate we have to prepare all the videos in this or not all are needed."	0
Really very helpful stuff on Signals and Systems.  Can u make videos on DSP stuff also...it will be greatly helpful who has completed learning Signals and Systems	1
No 4 is true or false	0
is there no video on z transform	1
In the example of overhead tank you said elecrictity is signal . And you already said dc is not signal what if current is dc  and it pump water than dc is signal ??	0
"Sir, please upload videos for Multivibrator and Convertor. We are just in awe of your teaching style. Please upload these to complete the digital electronics playlist."	1
Sir..plz upload ur lecture on control system...	1
Thanks alot sir your videos are best thanks alot i m studying from your videos	0
fluid mechanics pls..	1
Sir which software you using sir pls tell me …	0
Sir please upload RCC lectures also	1
"thank you so much, sir ..it is very helpful"	0
thanks a lot sir; best lectures ; have gone through all your videos	0
awesomely explained	0
Plz upload structural analysis lecture for gate...	1
Sir pls structure ke v vdo banaiye..pls sir	1
are you going to complete all chapters or its over?	0
sir what is yielding?	0
I have a doubt.05:59 you said Stress and strain is independent of size and shape whereas Stress is inversely dependent on area and Strain is inversely depend on original length?	0
sir my concepts are clear now with ur  videos bt lack of question in SOM is still a big problem. I still cant solve the gate questions frm som.	0
Sir ur best teacher	0
im unable to understand yr...sorry to say this	0
bhai aap kya teach kr rhr ho....looks like notes copy krke dikha rhe ho aap	0
Are all topics of SOM covered by the above lectures for gate? Please provide lectures for structure analysis.	1
"Thanks sir ...... I appreciate your effort.... You helped me to gain confidence to study for gate exam because i was in a dilemma that how to study this much , but you made it simple for me and please upload rest of the subjects also sir.... thank you so much sir"	1
Awesome sir.... Thanks a lot	0
Thanks :)	0
Very good video.	0
thanks for your explanation it really helps	0
Good video! Best one on youtube for KMP	0
This is the best video for KMP algorithm on YouTube. Thanks a lot sir..	0
"This is the best video on youtube for KMP-algorithm. Everyone explains something but I never really understood the systematic procedure, you've managed to explain it so simply. Thank you William!! Keep it up"	0
"Great explanation, thanks for the demo. Many people try to demo it, but almost all of them just miss the core part of it, which you have nailed. Again, great."	0
why is this algorithm hard to wrap ones head around	0
So once I implement the prefix table how do i actually implement the searching part?	0
Thanks..	0
This is the most informative video on youtube for KMP algorithm. I was in search of such a video.	0
Thank  you for the video :) It helped	0
Sir kindly share lectures on graph theory ... Resonance ....filters ......locus diagram .......magnetic circuits ....	1
Sir plz complete series as soon as possible.	0
network theoems please..................	1
sir plz upload network theorems ..........	1
Thank you sir for explaining all the concepts of network theory simply and briefly. I am learning a lot from your video and like everyone I would also kindly request you to complete the whole syllabus of network theory.	0
Is graph theory is removed from gate 2019 for Ece??	0
"sir, there is no transient analysis"	1
Very very very... thanks for it.Sir...	0
resume power system  course please	1
Thankyou sir	0
Sir plz upload ur lectr For 4th chptr is Theorem As soon as posible	1
Please upload remaining syllabus as early as possible GATE 2019 is on February	1
thank u sir for providing free lectures....kindly complete playlists of {power system} videos as soon as possible...	0
Thank u so much sir....well explained	0
upload the video about tv transmitter and reciever	1
Sir please upload all lectures of network theory	1
Sir ... here is no new vedios without these ... how to find daily 2 videos  . Please tell me sir?	0
Where ..i will find?	0
Sir when will you start the remaining part of network ? please tell me sir ..sir release the others part of network as soon as possible!.	1
Or give any video reference links that helps me to prepare well for the electromagnetic theory	1
Sir you promised me that u will upload electromagnetic theory videos.i was waited for several months but u don't uploaded any video on this topic. Sir I am requesting u to upload the videos as early as possible.waiting for u r reply sir	1
"Sir,please upload semiconductor videos "	1
"sir, im unable to access to next chapter please try to upload as soon as possible in network analsis or theory"	1
"sir i have one Q. - how to make it same size pendrive but it contain different datasize (like 4 GB, 8GB etc.) so how to space  size in  reduce , how to make this type of things please sir upload any videos or define please"	0
"Sir,this playlist only contains the topics under the basic part. From where I will get the topics from part 2 to part 10?"	0
network theorems sir are not in the playlist  network theory	1
Sir please upload vedios as fast as u could....nd complete the subjects	0
sir plz upload videos for control system....	1
Good plz Add Mesh and Nodal Analysis	1
Its very useful 4r us...Thank Uuuu so muchhh...n plzz complete d network theory syllabus as soon as possible...	1
Please upload machines and power system plz plz	1
sir will you please add more lectures related to power system and network theory	1
Sir I hope we will get all videos on all topics very soon...	0
plz sir have a look on the syllabus of upsc civil services exam for electrical engineering optional paper	0
I was waiting for this lecture series...	0
Create a separate folder for network theory	0
waiting for the entire series	0
please make lectures of complete circuit theory	1
"sir, you have not mentioned two port networks"	1
yes!at last	0
"Sir ,'l u make videos on computer syllabus of bsc computer subject."	1
are all lecture free ??	1
Bhai this video ko Hindi me bhejna	0
Very good lecture really really helpful. But For Real Time Systems a good example could have been satellites or Nuclear Power Plants rather than dropping a missile. :D	0
Handsome sir	0
best video	0
hi bro i need a advanced operating system material for m.tech	1
Where we get your material of Operating Systems?	1
sir as per my knowledge multi programming base is depends upon the i/o call because they are slow in nature  and multi tasking means multi programming along with the time bound..	0
"hi good morning sir , could pls upload your materials in googledrive"	0
it is a very good video. it has help me learn more. keep on.	0
Great teaching method ............salute to you :-)	0
Thanks sir..the videos are so helpful.. I understood each and every concept..thank you so much for making the videos	0
The two books name galvin and the other one cant understand	0
Operating system ki isme puri lectures h sir.??	1
super	0
Sir.... I am.... Tamil medium student.... How get the material..... I cannot understand more points..... So how easily understand points and how to get metirials	0
Sir can you provid the materials of all subjects of CS to me .My mail is evpr768@gmail.com	1
Sir i can't pay for your gate course can you teach me for free . I want to clear gate	1
Sir I want to understand full lecture of memory management & file management in Os Plese provide me sir…	1
thank u so much for the lectures you provide sir....even a nontechnical students can get d subjects through ur lectures....	0
"I will watch complete course,thank you"	0
Explain about most frequently used Page replacement algorithem	1
I can't get the difference between multiprogramming and multitasking. Plz help!!	1
what are the c  wrapper function ?? and where i can find the implemenation of  c library function like wher i can get the defination of the printf funtion ?	1
How can I get your materials	0
How do i get access to the notes material ?	0
"Really, the words just couldn't be expressed by saying WOW.Very Good."	0
Are these videos sufficient to learn OS in terms of campus placements?	0
"sir, how can i get your study materials?"	0
sir you and saurabh shukla sir are best in the world	0
thank you so much Sir for your clear explanation	0
Sir how can we get your materials?	0
Before me there was 999k view now 1 M ??	0
thanks sir	0
i like it thank much.	0
"Sir, explanation was super.but you should speed up class little much faster."	0
Sir plese come to our school EKBS mayiladuthurai .	0
Excellent work! I just don't understand why so many dislikes for an excellent job.	0
You have try  best .	0
Sir please can you upload msc computer science subject videos	1
Your pen is leaking	0
you made OS so simple...carry on good work..	0
"Hello sir I'm. Doing mca with distance mode, can i give gate exam"	0
its quite difficult to understand your words..coz u r using south english..still your videos help me a bit #a day before exam(xd)	0
"I'd call you ""brother"" coz u are the only one  caring my subject as much as I try to save my semster"	0
How can i get your material	0
How can I get complete course in operating system.	1
"please sir when you schedule Pre-emptive priority with processes contains CPU and IO time example, there was something not clear for me please help me."	0
"when you taught that example you have said that P1 takes for I/O from time 1 to 6 how can next process (p3) takes time 5 to 8 for I/O execution? because p1 ends its I/O execution at 6. please i am waiting for your response, thanks"""	0
Hey can I know whether the whole Operating system playlist is complete syllabus required for Placement Prep or is it just a part of the syllbus?	0
Wonderful Sir????????thank you sir for explaining??????????	0
may Almighty Allah give you reward for helping students	0
Just came here from Quora to revise OS cause I need it again at work and dont know how to concentrate on the lecture ....he is intimidating ....why did I never get a handsome(being decent) teacher in college :(	0
Sir add me group 9602203343	0
can anyone tell how can i get materials	0
Sir plz upload written notes for operating system...for mca 4th semester....??????	1
Close to 1M views.....	0
Sir make video on operating systems design issues plz	1
OH TY SIR I TAKE GOOD KNOWLEDGE your tutorial SO GOOD JESUS LORD BLEESED YOU	0
even the cameraman can qualify in all exams easily by listening to him while recording.	0
You made the bulk topic very much focused and up to the point! Thank you a lot.Heading to take your course in the near future	0
Hello! Soo all types of theory and sums will be there in videos?? Sorry for ask but i won't be able to check one by one video.. so if u help me and give my answer so i can easily learn theory for exam purpose	0
sir can u please make video on memory management plzz plzz	1
"Thank you sir, I cleared the gate 2018 exam by watching your videos. your videos were very helpful in my preparation."	0
is the topic which is covered here and topic which is covered in eclass which we get by paying ???????	0
Hindi nhin aati	0
Sir can you please explain batch operating system more clearly with any example	1
Sir  Hindi ma bhi video upload karo for os	1
Please make a video on a system call	1
What should i know before starting with OS ???	0
sir what the difference between OS system and Window plz reply fast	1
sir pronounciation  good but could you tell slowly sir	0
nice explanation .... Ravi... keep it up	0
You can talk in Hindi	0
Very helpful videos... Explained the topic with examples in very simple and understandable language..	0
Thank u men	0
Where to find ur notes and remaining lectures sir?	0
how can i get material	0
plz make videos for TS SET	1
how can i get your materials of os	0
ACT IT BOYS ;-)	0
How can i get your materials?	0
Sir please provide the link of the material you have mentioned in the video lecture........... Really a great help to students who are not from CSE background.....	0
"apart from these 34 videos , how many videos are available in your GATE "	0
can anyone help me with the material link?	0
"sir thank you for sharing such useful knowledge, i appreciate your effort put through it"	0
I really like this video. good job	0
Nice explaination	0
"Please , give a pause to make us understand your words.."	0
Sir you are the great	0
How I can get ur material sir??	0
"Thank you sir ??????, and ,can u please explain about overall deadlock algorithm and detection ,avoiding ?"	1
"dear sir,,,,,first i should tell thank u so much ... because i read a reference book written by dhamdhare(author name) but i dont understand those concepts,,,but u met that sir tnq so much,,,keep uploading  for us tnq......"	0
How can i get your material?	0
"Sir how can I get your material, I am watching your vedios and I want to revise so please provide me a link"	0
how can i get your matrials sir?	0
Thank a lot  sir !	0
good video...i liked it...  keep it up bro	0
what about silbershats	1
"really good, if we dont understand the basics we fail to understand everything this was really helpful.. tysm and GL for your channel :)"	0
How can i get your notes???	0
how can i get your materials?	0
please can you send the soft copy of metrial  to vangarajesh5@gmail.com	0
Excellent teaching	0
Sir kya aap hindi m pda skte h plz ??	0
I hope somebody would make a subtitle for this. Seems like a very informative video.	0
hindi me bhi explanation kare	0
Thankuuuuuu sir??????	0
"Very good effort sir, can u send these vedio lect written notes through mail"	0
Plz ap urdu main lecters  dy dya kary. Smjny bht asai hogi.	0
"sir can u please clarify my one doubt:that is in case of multiprogramming the cpu will go to next job when input time is being processed right.so,when cpu goes to next job will the cpu wil be totally in that job untill it finishes that job or just move on to next job as before?"	0
Sir I like ur teaching it's very easy to understand but where did I get the materials from?u said that u had materials at the beginning..	0
"ravi sir plz provide video lecture on the topic process synchronization, memory management, thread plz"	1
"Good lecture, keep it up"	0
Bankers algorithm	1
Can anyone please post the link to his study material for OS?	0
sir how to get study material?	0
Very nice lecture	0
Useful.........video	0
thank you Sir ...tomorrow is my exam and your videos are like heaven for me	0
i like Ravindraubavula's every lecture. really he teach step by step slowly & clearly. like it	0
Sir make the video for banker's algorithm	1
Sir for scientific assistant which book is best or ur lectures r enough to crack it plz reply sir	1
Because of u I done problem in my mid sir	0
How can i get your Materials?	0
please maintain the echo of the sound	0
"Rakish, is that you?"	0
where can i get the study material your talking about? Really wonderful lectures :)	0
Rabindrababu you are doing good job... I learn compilers from your lecturers	0
Thanx a lot sir your lectures. They are really the best lectures I have seen till now for os.	0
"Plz...sir 1 kind request say how to learn prgms in any pl.its difficult to learn prgms,plz sir help me out...i vil b thankful to u sir...as im btech 3rd year wright now so i donno to implement any prgm plz make 1 video sir to learn prgms."	1
Sir where can i get material for this topic from you	0
i love you.........................	0
sir please provide your contact no.	0
"nice explanation,yeah how can we get ur material"	0
"Hi sir,First of all thanks to made such a good videos ... but one small suggestion while talking give some gap .. stop and talk .. stop and talk.. den only beginners will understand like me..and repeat the imp  points one more time ...i hope u dont mind for my suggestions.."	0
your is very helpfull!!!	0
what is the good book???	0
hey your voice is not clearly audible	0
"sir , where is your material please provide me the link"	0
Ur teaching style is awesome sir I need Ur complete c program videos Plz upload it.	1
how can i get your materials?	0
"most of the things are same as nptel lectures but they aren't interesting as ravindrababu's lecture, he has the charm of his own :)"	0
it  is good	0
"Thank you Sir, your videos help me a lot. Keep up the good work.0"	0
superb.	0
very simply and logically learn it....thanks	0
Can anyone tell you the book name he mentioned? i didn't get it!Thank you very much	0
really awesome sir ...Thanku so much for your videos...i clearly understood and learned alot from your teaching...please dont stop tiz...keep on going...	0
please provide material	0
please give me your whats app no i want to ask something	0
Good explaining sir  but  your voice is not correct  some intreput...sir	0
"sir,how can i get materials"	0
Can i refer these videos for my rgpv engineering exam or are they  exclusively for gate  ???	0
awesome explaination sir thanks for u r videos .provide the link for the materials  of os . please sir	0
Sir please speak louder and clear. Many times it seems you are speaking to yourself and not clear at all. Thank you	0
how do I get it notes	0
Dhamdhere is quite good and simplified	0
sir voice is not clear	0
best lecture i have ever seen!!!	0
How can I get your material sir.Hope I would find some way.	0
really nice video sir????can you just explain what is starvation??	1
"multiprocessor are definitely ""foster"" as he says :P"	0
voice is not too much clear	0
can you please make a class for deadlock?	1
Great work sir	0
"It's very easy and useful video,, I learned well about operating System,,It will help me for sure..Thank you sir"	0
tysm dude for this video...keep it up...i like ur videos...and i understand lots of  things from ur videos...again tysm	0
Please make videos on Water Hammer	1
We need videos on Advanced Control systems sir	1
"Sir, Can you please make videos on Electromagnetic Theory"	1
Sir you said expanded opcode(Concept in domain of addressing modes). I think you cannot say it that. Any source where it is mentioned?	0
"1. when i commented the #include<stdio.h> part, it still showed Neso academy. 2. when i removed the semicolon, it showed error. 3. when i removed int from main, it still showed Neso Academy. 4. return 100; yields the same result just as return 0; 5. return a; shows error. but return 'a'; shows Neso academy. 6. removal of ; after return showed error message. thank you."	0
after commenting out stdio.h  the code is still running.why?	0
Sir app lecture bhut late upload karte ho	0
thank you so much ....I have request please put the English translation I cant understand all your speaking	0
It would be great to have Eng subtitle. Im truly Thank you for your hard work sir.	0
sir pls take lectures on java	1
add/keep subtitles	0
great lecture sir! thank you :)	0
"hey please make videos of array pointer,structure,series,union etc.."	1
sir please upload tutorial for data structure	1
Sir pls make lectures on data structure for cse according for gate preparation I'm a student of cse branch 2nd year	1
What's the difference between source code and actual definition of a function	0
please make videos on c++ and java	1
sir make video on c++ please	1
Will you sir make videos on microprocessor?	1
Sir your lecture is very helpful. Please make video c++ programming.	1
How printf() works  without including header file??	0
Thank you sir and your team for starting course on programming C. your videos are awasome because your way of teaching is so nice and you discuss all the difficult topics very nicely.	0
I removed integer zero and clicked on build and run. Code compiled successfully and it returned 7. Why? Can you please help me?	0
Thanks a Lot sir .And for providing the link for download this software	0
"I am a beginner, and I was wondering if I could use a Visual studio 2017 c++, instead of Code Blocks? Sorry if it's stupid question! Thanks!"	0
"sir,you told that main() is a predefined functuion but , in my book it is said that that main() is userdefined function...."	0
A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having.	0
Very useful sir. Your way of teaching is very effective Thanks a lot.	0
Would it be possible to slow down the speed of your speech a little bit? We have the option of 1.25x when needed. Now if i set the video to 1.25x it is impossible to understand anything at all.	0
I like the way you are delivering the lecture. Thank you sir	0
YES! I've been wanting to learn C for some time now and with Neso I know it's quality content.	0
Needed somewhat slow explaination. Such that we can hear each word And get understood.like other lecture's in DE etc. Thank you	0
Sir nice ....please uploard lectures frequently	0
Can you please add English subtitles in the future? I find it hard to understand you at times.	0
Tqq u so much I am regular user of neso Plss try to upload python programming language If you have any  personal WhatsApp grp Plss add me 9912372303	1
wow really very effective way of teaching .....thanks sir	0
Amazing..initiative sir! Thanks a lot	0
Great initiative... Thanks for this... Eagerly waiting for your coming tutorial video on data structures and c programming...	1
sir your video quality are excellent so many students are preparing for gate ies by referring your lectures awesome teaching skills sir	0
Will you guy's start doing videos about electro magnetic theory or network theory	1
really helping..thanks sir for providing us free study materials	0
thanks sir 	0
